How did you get this money?
Eat what you crawled out of!
Why did you reach me?
Is this money really coming to you?
Nor will it. Is that the friend he called here?
How is this possible? Is it true that I feel like this will be put down?
What hit you? What did you do to hit you?
Are you ready to listen to these bastard things?
Although your assets will be permanently transferred to the Action Festival starting today, you will be able to upgrade with Step into the Sky Sea.
Half a step! I made a function!
What on earth did I do with all this?
That's the Dragon Lord's criticism
In order to please this foreigner, you
Your computer is black and white
You are already old. Can you run away to death? That won’t work.
What that leader said is true
Can't say that
The main cause of the dragon is renunciation
Thank you for these, I will not downgrade you.
It’s not like I, the prince, can’t afford to give it away.
I will accompany you on your territory
The treasure you got with little effort
Only the fingers of my dragon master
It's just a conspiracy revealed by the villain for a few days.
In total you threaten so
It takes two right-wingers to break up Manchester United
Do you think it’s the dragon master dragon?
You can trade your results